[docs] note use of typescript in readme `import/extensions` section (#2440)
import-js/eslint-plugin-import: README.md

`export`s.

This defaults to `['.js']`, unless you are using the `react` shared config,
in which case it is specified as `['.js', '.jsx']`. Despite the default,
if you are using TypeScript (without the `plugin:import/typescript` config

> described above) you must specify the new extensions (`.ts`, + `.tsx` in React).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
described above) you must specify the new extensions (`.ts`, and also `.tsx` if using React).
```
